docs: improve ignorePaths config option documentation (#11838)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

## ignorePaths

Renovate will extract dependencies from every file it finds in a repository, unless that file is explicitly ignored.
With this setting you can selectively ignore package files that would normally be "autodiscovered" and updated by Renovate.

> For instance if you have a project with an `"**/examples/**"` directory you wish to ignore:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance if you have a project with an `"examples/"` directory you wish to ignore:
```

## ignorePaths

> With this setting you can selectively ignore package files that would normally be "autodiscovered" and updated by Renovate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate will extract dependencies from every file it finds in a repository, unless that file is explicitly ignored.
With this setting you can selectively ignore package files that would normally be "autodiscovered" and updated by Renovate.
```

> For instance if your repository has an `"**/examples/**"` directory with many `package.json` files that you want to ignore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance if you have a project with an `"**/examples/**"` directory you wish to ignore:
```

> <!-- TODO: Grabbed the ignorePaths array from our internal preset ignoreModulesAndTests located at: /lib/config/presets/internal/defaults.ts -->
> <!-- TODO: This example should probably be wrapped in a `packageRule` array? -->
> <!-- TODO: Not sure what the correct example should be. -->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```json
{

>   "ignorePaths": [
>     "**/node_modules/**",
>     "**/bower_components/**",
>     "**/vendor/**",
>     "**/examples/**",
>     "**/__tests__/**",
>     "**/test/**",
>     "**/tests/**",
>     "**/__fixtures__/**"
>   ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "ignorePaths": ["**/examples/**"]
```

}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Useful to know: Renovate's default ignore is `node_modules` and `bower_components` only, however if you are extending the popular `config:base` preset then it adds ignore patterns for `vendor`, `examples`, `test(s)` and `fixtures` directories too.

```
